Hello guys will come back in this video we will create a logging API so go ahead and do that.
So right go here.
What's up in
this get it done here.
We are doing a post method.
Find one instantly a function by mongoose that will search for one particular document that has the
specific attribute which in our case again email attribute the use is No.
Then we want to do is one response with a message.
A dedication field use it in fun else if a user exists then we want to do is you want to compare a password
that you typing with a password in the database.
So if the password is not valid then you must show indication fail.
You just send a wrong you're just typing the wrong password.
For example else if the password is correct that you want to do JTB you want to encrypt the user's information
and then you want a response success message and token so it was go ahead and test this new logging
route so it's good to postman and change this to it was just copy this one and then change the Post
body.
Email me at your tree or dot com and if you want to carry or check password.
Right right so it is good and send that emails already exist because you know why.
Because you need to sign up since you do it and send it all the time.
We have an error.
Again so.
Just go and do it again.
OK I think in a while.
Let's go back to views you do.
And again we got to save this file.
I was looking to see if it's a good way to post in check.
All right everything's good said Boom.
We got it.
Enjoy talking.
We successfully log in.
So let's you know let's put the wrong past and see what it returns.
Any error in a discussion you.
Wrong password.
So go ahead and you know this and say it again failed.
Use it I found amazing.
We managed to test every single if an else and we got the right result.
In this video we learn how to create a log in API.
We just finished our Kishan features where we learn how to build Sign-Up API logging API in the next
section.
Adam Peterson will walk you to on the front end part.
I'll see you guys in the next section by.